Typos and formatting (#49)
MolSSI-Education/python-package-best-practices: _episodes/04-function-style.md

## Docstrings
We've now added a multi-line comment (called a `docstring`, short for "documentation string"), to the beginning of our function. Docstrings **are the first statement after a function or module definition** and are opened and closed with three quotes.
The docstring should explain what the function or module does (and not how it is done).

> [PEP257] provides very basic guidelines for docstrings.

Reviewer: Provide link here `[PEP257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/)` or put link in section at bottom of file under `{% include links.md %}`

Author: Is the `{% include links.md %}` necessary? Several files are missing that.

Author: Is this resolved?

Reviewer: Hi Eric, I remember typing a response to this, but I don't see it here so I either dreamed about it, or responded and forgot to send. :)

`{% include links.md %}` refers to the file `_includes/links.md`. I believe this line inserts all the links from `links.md` similar to the way the lines below the include statement are included. For example, in lesson 2, we have `[GitHub]: https://github.com`. This makes it so you can jut put `[GitHub]` each time you want to link to github rather than `[GitHub](https://github.com)`. If it were in `links.md` this short cut would be accessible to any file that includes `links.md` without needing to be defined.

`links.md` is a file that lets you define commonly used links and insert them into all lessons. It may not be necessary for many of the lessons, but I believe it was included in the template by default and has never been removed. It may be a good idea to start using the file more wisely, however.

{: .callout}

### Sections of a Docstring

> Each docstring has a number of sections which are separated by headings. Headings should be underlined with hyphens (`-----`). There are many options for sections, we will only cover the most relevant here. If you would like to see a full list, check out the documentation for [numpy style docstrings].

Reviewer: Add line breaks please. Can we link to the NumPy explanation of docstrings - https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html

The previous link no longer worked, but the above link is the updated reference.

~~~
{: .bash}

There are other tools, such as [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/) and
[flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) that are not automatic formatters,
but will check your code for adherence to the PEP8 standard.
Pylint, for example, will find your variables which are not `snake_case`,
functions which do not have `docstrings`, simple stylistic changes, unused variables, etc.
Flake8 is a little less strict in general.
We will try `flake8` out here.
If you would like to try `flake8`, first install it.

~~~
$ pip install flake8
~~~
{: .language-bash}

You can run it on our `functions` module.

~~~
$ flake8 molecool/functions.py
~~~
{: .language-bash}

> shows any errors still left in the module. Let's examine one of these.

Reviewer: Is this missing part of the sentence? Do you mean the command above "shows any errors" ?

Author: Yes. The sentence "Let's examine one of these" doesn't make sense if "these" is not defined nearby.

Maybe the line should be replaced with "Let's examine one of the errors shown by the `flake8` command above."
Thoughts?

> shows any errors still left in the module. Let's examine one of these.

Author: ```suggestion
Let's examine one of the errors shown by the flake8 command above.
```

Author: @janash please feel free to apply this suggestion if it looks good to you, or mark "resolved" and offer an alternative.
